Perfect.
We spend quite some time on making that picture work.
And I'd say it works quite well.
Now of course the next step is to integrate this into our form here.
So that we actually do stored it data somewhere and somewhere it should be on our back end.
And then we then also can output the address or that snapshot here in the different parts of our application.
So let's start with the form integration.
For that let's go to the new offer page which is where we have that forum.
We worked on all the time and there where we initialize the form group.
We can add a new control with any name of your choice of course and all name ID location and that will
be a new form control just as we added for text input starting value is null.
And I will add a validator here and that will be the required validator.
So basically as I did it for Arrow controls as well.
The differences is now of course how I set my value here.
I will do that manually.
Now how could this work.
Let's say on our application picker here I want to have an event that is submitted that could be named
location pick for example.
And when does happened all trigger on location pick method on location picked method here in my new
offer page and there I forward the event data I get.
And there should be some event data because I need to get Dad location object with the coordinates at
the address and that image you are L.
So both is missing the location Pick event and our handler.
Let's start with emitting that event.
And for that we have to go back to the location picker component
in there.
We should add a new property which is named location pick or whatever you named your event.
So hero named location pick.
So that property should all be named location pick and that will be a new event emitter and event emitter
is not imported from protractor.
But from at Angola core.
And whilst we're there we can also already import output because we need to add that output decorator
a year to make this a listenable event which we can listen to from outside.
Now event emitter is a generic type and it will eventually emit our place location data.
So it will emit an object that has the format or the structure of place location.
Now we just have to emit this so if we go down to the place where we set is loading it's ons or in our
subscription there we can now access this Web location pick and emit our picked location object there.
So that's step number one.
And with that let's go back to the new offer page here.
We now need to add that all location picked method so let's add that here and we get some data there.
And the date of course is our place location object because that is what we emit in the location picker.
So let's make sure to add that place location important up there pointing at our location model and
in all location picked.
We now have to update our form to hold that pick location in that location form control here.
This can be done by accessing the form and there we simply choose this patch value and we want to patch
one controls we pass an object and we want to patch the location control.
So if you named dislocation here it has to be location there if you named it different the up there.
You have to name it different down there and the value will be the location argument we're getting here.
So location here is what I pass as a value.
So this foreign patch value is what we call here to update our internal form object to hold that location
and that is already all for now.
The next step is a an on create offer I do of course check my validity which will now automatically
include the location because we do require it and that will only be true if some data is set to that
control which is the case after picking one.
And therefore we should now be able to submit this as soon as a location was picked with that set what
we still have to do is we have to go to our place service and make sure that this data now gets stored
on our server as well.
Now here we have at place and right now we're not expecting a location either.
So that should change.
We should expect our place location data in there and of course for that we need to import place location
at the top.
So let's do that.
Let's import Lay's location from And now let's go to our location model here.
So with place location imported we can expect data of that type here and of course we should include
that in our place number that the place model needs to be updated though.
Because right now it does not expect any location.
So let's add a new public property location which should be of type place location with that attitude
to place model here where we use it let's forward to location we're getting as an argument to add it
to this model.
And of course we broke some other places too.
Like for example here where we get a single place we of course now should use place data location here
as well and that therefore we should update our definition up here.
What we get back from Firebase and we should expect location in there which in turn should be of type
place locations are using our own place location model and here as well we should have rest data.
Key location and update all these places and of course the data we currently stored in firebase doesn't
have that.
So we'll basically have to delete that and start from scratch.
So here for update place
let's use old place location OK.
So now this should work.
Let's now see I have an error in the new offer Page Yeah of course when I add my place I do expect to
get the location.
Maybe I should also forward it then and this can be retrieved from this forum and there from value.
Location is our name off that field that we added When we initialize the forum.
Let's give it a try.
This page reloads and if I now enter test dust is work and I enter price and I enter dates here the
forms would actually not be submitted till end it isn't is it still great out because I haven't picked
a location yet.
So let's pick one and let's maybe pick one in Sydney
so something like a here and now does this sub mutable but press this doesn't look too bad.
Now let's check firebase here to see if that data was saved on firebase correctly so they're under a
database.
We have our offered places and of course the first place has no location a second one also has no location
but third place has a location key and that doesn't look too bad.
That should be the location I picked.
Awesome.
So with that let's now make sure we also use all that location data in the places where we can see our
location like for example here when we view the details here why don't we show our map and the address
there.